good guys welcome a new video
of gt5 online here I am back again
with subscribers and as a shipyard half
win everything for the guy after fucked
we are here the last activity of what
that you come in the marathon of the event
of the gta that quarry of the tenth anniversary
years since it leaves gta san andreas and
here we are celebrating in this event
committed rockstar ingenia online in the
which is about falling for the
precipices and die and that no kidding
ok let's go fourth guys let's go quarters
come on let's go let's go this one with motorcycle
crotto cuatros perendengues that you have
pelendengues true the bike I think is the
best option for and around here but now
touches road if all that pasta of
cortitas and how we put the batteries
and what is complicated then complicated
there in front of me I have two subscribers and
I get going
you already know how to support real the video with a
like I liked this marathon and if
you want me to do another for the next
event that they are worth, let's try
pillar 22 evans and from before guys what
complicated because the second one is going to
catch the slipstream the first and so
So much they will go faster than them but
I never lose hope in life
this curve fails suddenly there is super
professionals but has been offered
a very professional plan is worth let's go
how to make the horse here to catch
the speed went down very short race the
mountain and let's go let's see if it is given
a touch something because if it is not worth they are
super puncher is super puncher what
I have what I have what I have what I have what
I have there I have it here in front I have it
in the eye of the canyon
anticipate six minutes
no not worth
let's click this subscriber that goes
varying the slipstream has to be by
in front of
that's not going to take for sack to take
by sack or leave the road of
pillas reduced uncle neither here nor pay and
boy I wish I stuck it because if not
guys is already super complicated more
slow to invite me back what
human flesh hungry uncle bull worth
ok let's go let's go come let's come but
OK
come on let's go fourth the truth you have
terror
and I will not win god and be careful
beware there is one that remains first
try to stay seconds let's have
to give him a bullet this man
like a streetlamp because it also
can see the anniversary of the gta san
andreas ten years ten years since
came out a madryn and to you that is not me
displeases if you think about it says
inews current and good well let's hope that
leave the gta continue to grow and more and more
and more and keep taking super cool game and
nothing because we liked this birth
in de jesus give him the example and said see
you liked it and nothing because we'll see
the next marathon ran out and nothing
good as own videos many
times for this one and support all the videos
and then it approaches God